Feature/Add more details to migration guide (#257)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_integrate/migration-from-v4-to-v5.md

- The data from the database that was used by the Connector of the former version is outdated. This is because the [format of addresses has changed to DIDs]({% link _docs_integrate/migration-from-v4-to-v5.md %}#dids-as-addresses), for example. For this reason, the old data must be deleted. Alternatively, the database can be deleted as a whole and [set up again]({% link _docs_operate/setup-with-docker-compose.md %}).
- The [image](https://github.com/nmshd/connector?tab=readme-ov-file#connector) used to run the Connector must be updated to version 5.
- Some changes must be made to the [configuration]({% link _docs_operate/configuration.md %}) of the Connector.

>   - It must be ensured that a [Backbone](https://github.com/nmshd/backbone/tags) is used which is compatible with version 5 of the Connector. This means that a Backbone of version 6 must be used. Therefore, specify appropriate Backbone credentials in the fields `transportLibrary.baseUrl`, `transportLibrary.platformClientId` and `transportLibrary.platformClientSecret` of the [configuration]({% link _docs_operate/configuration.md %}#transportlibrary). The URL `<baseUrl of Backbone>/api/v1/version` can be accessed to check the version of the Backbone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It must be ensured that a [Backbone](https://github.com/nmshd/backbone/tags) is used which is compatible with version 5 of the Connector. This means that a Backbone of version 6 must be used. Therefore, specify appropriate Backbone credentials in the fields `transportLibrary.baseUrl`, `transportLibrary.platformClientId` and `transportLibrary.platformClientSecret` of the [configuration]({% link _docs_operate/configuration.md %}#transportlibrary). The URL `<baseUrl of Backbone>/api/v1/version` can be accessed to validate the version of the Backbone.
```

### DIDs as Addresses

> Each [Identity]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#identity) within enmeshed has a unique `address` for identification. The format of this `address` has changed from `<3-character realm><32- or 33-character Base58-encoded string>` to `did:e:<hostname of Backbone>:dids:<22-character lowercase hexadecimal string>`. Accordingly, the `realm` property of the Identity was removed as well. Furthermore, the two error codes `error.runtime.MultiAccount.WrongRealm` and `error.transport.identity.realmLength` have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each [Identity]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#identity) within enmeshed has a unique `address` for identification. The format of this `address` has changed from `<3-character realm><32-or33-character-base58-encoded string>` to `did:e:<backbone-hostname>:dids:<22-character-lowercase hexadecimal-string>`. Accordingly, the `realm` property of the Identity was removed as well. Furthermore, the two error codes `error.runtime.MultiAccount.WrongRealm` and `error.transport.identity.realmLength` have been removed.
```

Author: I'm not yet happy with the formatting of these placeholders :D I'll see what I can do about it.

Author: Aaaand... I couldn't do anything about it :D When we use the placeholder notation `<...>` we usually separate words by spaces and not by hyphens. Also, we use the same capitalization rules as in the regular paragraphs (for example, capitalize `'Backbone'`). The page about enmeshed addresses is an exception where the placeholders are currently used differently than we usually do. For reasons of consistency, however, I have undone my changes as discussed with you above. I also looked up proper names such as `'hexadecimal string'` and checked whether hyphens should naturally be used there, which was not the case in the example.

Reviewer: however, base58 should not be capitalized ;)

Author: Alrighty, you're the captain! ⛵

### Removal of RelationshipChanges

Previously, the history of changes made to a [Relationship]({% link _docs_integrate/data-model-overview.md %}#relationship) was stored in its `changes` property.
The type of this property was given by an array of RelationshipChanges.
Due to the inconvenience of providing new features for the management of Relationships using RelationshipChanges, the RelationshipChanges have now been removed.

> Consequently, the `changes` property of the Relationship was also removed.

Reviewer: to make paragraphs you need a complete newline between two lines. This will be a big paragraph now. Maybe you want to insert more newlines here to make it more readable.

Author: Exactly, I did not intend to divide this paragraph into two or more paragraphs. The new lines are only used here because it was noted that it would be easier to review the text, as each sentence would then have its own line in the code.

However, I can try to split the text into two paragraphs if you prefer.

Reviewer: > it would be easier to review the text, as each sentence would then have its own line in the code

for me this makes it way harder to know how it will look like rendered. But if you decided for this I shut up :D

Author: Hahaha I'm not a fan of using the line breaks to make the review easier either. But I can understand the argument, and it's probably a matter of getting used to it so it doesn't bother you anymore when imagining the rendering :D

This means that no `content` must be sent with any of these operations anymore.
The former, more generic Connector routes using RelationshipChanges could also have been used to accept or reject changes to a Relationship other than the establishment of an active Relationship, which might have required the transmission of additional data.

| Old Connector route                                                                | New Connector route                                           |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `PUT /api/v2/Relationships/{relationshipId}/Changes/{changeId}/Accept` (with body) | `PUT /api/v2/Relationships/{relationshipId}/Accept` (no body) |
| `PUT /api/v2/Relationships/{relationshipId}/Changes/{changeId}/Reject` (with body) | `PUT /api/v2/Relationships/{relationshipId}/Reject` (no body) |

> However, please note that the Connector route `POST /api/v2/Relationships` for [creating a Relationship with a RelationshipTemplate]({% link _docs_use-cases/use-case-transport-create-relationship-with-relationshiptemplate.md %}) is unchanged.

Reviewer: do we have to talk about unchanged things in a migration guide? IMO this rather distracts from the main content

Author: I agree, I will remove it.
